Application Layer Policy and Istio permissive mode (#3113)
projectcalico/calico: getting-started/kubernetes/installation/app-layer-policy.md

#### Install Istio

1. Verify [application layer policy requirements]({{ site.url }}/getting-started/kubernetes/requirements#application-layer-policy-requirements).
1. Install Istio using the [Istio project documentation](https://istio.io/docs/setup/install/). Istio can be installed in both strict mode or permissive mode. For example to install Istio in strict mode:

```bash
curl -L https://git.io/getLatestIstio | ISTIO_VERSION=1.4.2 sh -
cd $(ls -d istio-*)
./bin/istioctl manifest apply --set values.global.mtls.enabled=true --set values.global.controlPlaneSecurityEnabled=true
```

Strict mode is suggested when creating a new cluster. Adopting mTLS into an existing deployment is challenging because you need to make sure both client and server are provisioned with certificates at the same time. As a result, Istio provides a mode to take a deployment not using mTLS and gradually enable it without causing outages for clients. Istio permissive mode allows a service to accept both plaintext traffic and mutual TLS traffic at the same time.

> Application layer policies work with both Istio in strict or permissive mode. When dealing with mTLS traffic, Dikastes will cryptographically prove source identity while making an authorization decision. When Dikastes receives plain-text instead, Dikastes will fall back on using source/destination IP addresses to make an authorization call.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Application layer policies work with both Istio in strict or permissive mode. When dealing with mTLS traffic, {{site.prodname}} will cryptographically verify identity while making an authorization decision. When {{site.prodname}} receives plain-text instead, it will fall back on using IP addresses to verify identity.
```

Reviewer: I don't think we refer to Dikastes anywhere else in this document, so let's just stick with "Calico"  (e.g. `{{site.prodname}}`) to avoid introducing another term to readers.
